direnv: add page (#4392)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/direnv.md

> # lt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# direnv
```

> > Direnv is an extension for your shell. It augments existing shells with a new feature that can load and unload environment variables depending on the current directory.

Reviewer 2: This is rather verbose. Can we make this more concise at all?
```suggestion
> Shell extension to load and unload environment variables depending on the current directory.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/direnv/direnv>.

> - Grant direnv to load the given .envrc:

Reviewer 2: I'm confused by this. What does this example actually do?

Author: what example? `direnv allow`?

Author: `direnv allow` by default `direnv` does not load any env files. we have to manually give this command for the first time to direnv to pick it up, because of security thing.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see. Thanks for the explanation :-)

`direnv allow`

- Revoke the authorization of a given .envrc:

`direnv deny`

> - Edit .envrc file into an $EDITOR and reload env afterwards:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Edit the `.envrc` file in the default text editor and reload the environment on exit:
```

`direnv allow`

> - Trigger an env reload:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Trigger a reload of the environment:
```

# direnv

> Shell extension to load and unload environment variables depending on the current directory.
> More information: <https://github.com/direnv/direnv>.

> - Grant direnv to load the given .envrc:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Grant direnv permission to load the specified .envrc:
```
